doc: zigbee: add known issue NCSIDB-1411 (#19688)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_zigbee` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0 v2-5-3 v2-5-2 v2-5-1 v2-5-0 v2-4-4 v2-4-3 v2-4-2 v2-4-1 v2-4-0 v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

> NCSIDB-1411: Clearing config data in response to the Leave Network command is not fully performed
>    Configuration data of ZCL Reporting feature is not cleared when processing the "Leave Network" command, which means that compliance with the specification is incomplete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSIDB-1411: Clearing configuration data is not fully performed when processing the leave network command 
   Configuration data of ZCL Reporting feature is not cleared when processing the leave network command, resulting in incomplete compliance with the specification.
```

Reviewer 2: Proposal to update @annwoj suggestion with Leave Network command by starting the name with capital letter

```suggestion
NCSIDB-1411: Clearing configuration data is not fully performed when processing the Leave Network command 
   Configuration data of ZCL Reporting feature is not cleared when processing the leave network command, resulting in incomplete compliance with the specification.
```

@annwoj  please comment.

Reviewer 3: Should we have he command name highlighted (in double backticks)?

Author: This is a command name taken from a specification doc, it has nothing to do with the code, so I don't think the double backticks are necessary. At least that's what I figured from my last attempt to deduce the convention for this file. Other elements of this type (e.g. device types, roles, modes) are written simply in uppercase, without highlighting.

Author: suggestion applied, command name is in capital letters

>    The Zigbee BDB 3.0 Specification, section 9.4 says that all Zigbee persistent data (with exceptions ..) must be cleared in response to the Mgmt_Leave_req command, however the stack leaves the ZCL Reporting parameter values ​​set (cached in memory) and continues to use them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The Zigbee BDB 3.0 Specification, section 9.4 states that "all Zigbee persistent data (with exceptions ..) must be cleared in response to the `Mgmt_Leave_req` command".
   However, the stack leaves the ZCL Reporting parameter values ​​set (cached in memory) and continues to use them.
```

>    **Workaround:** You can supplement the processing of the "Leave Network" command with ZCL Reporting parameter clearing by adding a :c:func:`zb_zcl_init_reporting_info` call in the ``ZB_ZDO_SIGNAL_LEAVE`` handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Workaround:** You can supplement the processing of the leave network command with ZCL Reporting parameter clearing by adding a :c:func:`zb_zcl_init_reporting_info` call in the ``ZB_ZDO_SIGNAL_LEAVE`` handler.
```

Reviewer 2: Same proposal as above - Leave Network command by starting the name with capital letter

```suggestion
   **Workaround:** You can supplement the processing of the Leave Network command with ZCL Reporting parameter clearing by adding a :c:func:`zb_zcl_init_reporting_info` call in the ``ZB_ZDO_SIGNAL_LEAVE`` handler.
```

@annwoj  please comment

Reviewer: I'm fine with that approach

Author: suggestion applied, command name is in capital letters
